hey friends I'm Rallo and I'm here to
talk to you today about a dangerous
problem that is destroyed America child
obesity wait what am i oh stop science
all right science you see science
explains what happened how it happened
and why it happened using evidence
gathered through experiments discoveries
and careful observations science also
explains natural phenomena animal
interactions and physical existence did
linkage engine gravity is a natural
phenomenon by which all objects with
mass attract each other and is one of
the fundamental forces of physics and it
is responsible for keeping the earth and
other planets in their orbits around the
Sun as discovered by Isaac Newton in the
17th century and for the convection by
which hot fluids rise potential energy
equals mass thanks gravity times height
currently I'm jumping to about a height
of 1 meter when I'm up here I'm stopped
for about a fraction of a second and
that is when my potential energy is
highest and kinetic energy is Louis de
lune de jumpin Johnny come here sit sit
speak Jody speak speak science explains
why dogs pant see Doug's were built
without sweat glands so they patents in
order to cool their bodies down didja
Thun Thun pressure is the force over an
area applied to an object in a direction
perpendicular to the surface flight is
caused by a difference in pressure over
two over the different sides of a week
of course that's with the real airplane
not a paper one nothing to do
the lacs in this lava lamp is slightly
denser than the water at room
temperature and slightly less dense than
water under marginally warmer conditions
this occurs because the wax expands more
than the water when both are heated wax
at the bottom keep until it melts
eventually becoming less dense than the
lagoon around it portions of wax thus
overcome their surface tension and rise
near the top away from the heat source
the wax cools and contracts and as its
density dust increases it begins to fall
deluded into radio waves
mobile phone send and receive radio
signals with any number of cell side
base stations fitted with microwave
antenna cell sites have relatively low
power often only one or two wats radio
transmitters which broadcast their
presence and relay communications
between the mobile handset and the
switch go science is out of this world
nature science
you
what is the nature of science well when
you're asking that you're basically
asking what is the nature of nature you
see one goal of science is to understand
nature understanding and science means
relating one natural phenomena to
another and recognizing the causes and
effects of that phenomena thus
scientists develop explanations for the
changing of seasons for the movements of
heavenly bodies for everything that
exists basically that is the nature of
science to quote Kurt Vonnegut what is
the purpose of life to be the eyes and
ears and conscience of the creator of
the universe you fool
meeting you where the view scientists
out of this world